# awesome-agile
Awesome Agile Project Management
https://travis-ci.org/cs71-caffeine/awesome-agile.svg

## Vision
A web portal that describes and proposes tools for each component of
the Agile workflow and can orchestrate team creation and the execution
of an Agile project with those tools.

## Product Stakeholders

### John Doe, Scrum Master

John is a recently minted Scrum Master. He was a project manager for
a good number of years and eventually became head of his project
management organization, but he was becoming bored of one waterfall
project after another. He also wanted to have a greater positive
impact on the teams he worked with, and so he decided to audit an
Agile Class at Harvard Extension School. After auditing the class and
offering to handle the Scrum Master role in a pilot team, he really
took a liking to the task. He feels he can best share his passion for
delivery with his coworkers by empowering them to deliver products
while maintaining flexibility and ensuring that they aren't tasked
with administrative minutiae. He loves to coach, but he tires of
repeating himself. He's compiled a Wiki of best practices within his
company, but is hoping for something that can help his teams get
started more easily without jumping feet first into something like
Atlassian Cloud.

### Jane Smith, Product Owner

Jane Smith is a product owner for a new project at her corporation.
She has had several years experience working with the waterfall
methodology and is in the process of leveraging the agile methodology
for her latest project. Jane has a clear vision of her product and a
priority of features she wishes to implement. She has felt
disconnected from her previous teams throughout the process of
construction and hopes to achieve a more collaborative work
environment by following the agile guidelines. However, being new to
agile, Jane has difficulty knowing where to begin with communicating
her vision and features to the team.

### Frank Murphy, Developer

Frank is a lead developer at yet another ad tech startup focused on
building native and cross-device ad experiences called FluentScreen
Inc., based in New York City. His team is just considering adopting
the Scrum methodology, and they only have a single person with less
than a year of agile experience on the team. They are looking for an
integrated tool set that will allow them to bootstrap the process
quickly and painlessly. Since they are such a strong engineering team,
they loathe tedious manual processes and would like to automate their
new Scrum process as much as possible. Their organization is
currently using GitHub Enterprise as a code repository. They haven't
yet started using any continuous integration tool but would like to
try out a couple before choosing one. They have a corporate JIRA
installation, but are open to using alternative tools for tracking
their user stories and sprint progress. One of the engineers is
currently located in Illinois; the team is also considering getting
some help from an offshore UI team.

### Richard Kasperowski, Agile Coaches

Richard is a professional Agile Coach. He teaches courses around the
world to teams starting out on Agile, as well as teams looking to
improve their existing Agile practices. To aid his coaching, Richard
needs a tool where he can create templates and patterns of best
practices and best tools for each phase of the Agile framework. In
addition to documenting the usage patterns he would like to be able
to provision pre-configured templates of the tools he identifies as
best of breed. Richard recognizes that tools continuously evolve and
so wants to be able to continuously change and improve on the
patterns and templates that he creates. He doesn't know if he should
do this by simply versioning the templates or by using another
creative approach. Richard wants Team Caffeine to help implement this
platform.

## Team "Caffeine"
- Phillip Heller, Product Owner / Developer
- Mark Warren, Scrum Master / Developer
- Matt Kubej, Developer
- Stan Belov, Developer
- Qanit Al-Syed, Developer
- Linghong Chen, Developer

## Product Backlog

The product and sprint backlogs are managed via
[Trello](https://trello.com/b/F8I0MYXS/awesome-agile).
